Viewing a diff between 2 files really helped me to look quickly and spot the error.
I think this will be useful for finding small typos.
I am also thinking about how I could implement this in word and indesign projects.
I would also like to use the Terminal to create folder structures.
I think it is very exciting!

I also learnt how 1 line of code can dlete the whole machine - amazing!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It could make you quicker at going back based on either error or customer feedback. And you don't need to hunt around for files.\

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
PROS: you can do commits that make sense with a justifiable purpose for each.
CONS: you may forget to commit? How easy is it?

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because for code you often have multipl efiles which rely upon eachother so you need them to be able to talk to eachother in this way.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git clone to make a copy of a file from a git location to your mac. you can then use git log to see att the old versions. You can look at the log and pick 2 ids to see all the differences between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
I would be more confident to experiment safe in the knowledge that I could revert back to a previous problem and pinpoint any issues using git diff :)



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try and use git for version control of indesign docs to be honest but i think that will take a bit more thought to get my head around!! For code I want t use to easily store my code and recall old versions when I need them. Maybe they could even become alternative versions.





